Four three,
two,
one.
And we're live Mr. Roth as live,
as live will ever possibly get on the intergrade international.
Good to see man.
You really do look great.
You look healthy,
you look vibrant.
You look surprised.
No surprise.
I've,
I haven't been to sleep since the late eighties.
I didn't miss a thing,
but I'm a little groggy,
but I'm good to go in my job.
You expect Desta dissipation and illness rights,
you know,
kind of goes along with you.
You expect a disintegration in my kind of job.
But Lemmy from Motorhead style,
um,
do you know the term Wabisabi do you know what that is?
No.
Wabisabi is Japanese term.
That succinctly put means that,
which is perfect cause it's a little fucked up.
Uh,
your favorite jeans.
Very well.
This is like a Patina on an old car.
The Guitar player in the rolling stones.
Very,
oh,
of us up.
Yes.
He's very Wabisabi.
Yeah.
New York City,
for example.
The old bit starts to fall apart right next to the new,
that's part of the beauty.
They're your favorite leather jacket.
Is that,
can you expect that to increase?
But,
uh,
I dunno,
I'm not really an athlete.
I don't really train 'em kind of a singer who always traded his celebrity to,
you know,
hey,
show me how you do that and how many times should I lift this?
And,
uh,
what happens if I fall off of this going this fast?
But you used to train,
right?
You used to,
didn't you train with Benny or Kitezh oh yeah.
I went through a martial arts the first time.
Um,
let me go back.
Okay.
I lived in student housing up until I was just about a teenager.
And it was a time when you bought one paint brush at a time.
Okay.
And most of my values come from that public library.
I learned to swim at a public swimming pool and my dad finished medical school.
Okay.
I happened,
I wasn't planned in the 50s that happened a lot.
And uh,
so we had a lot,
a lot of patients who were kind of on the periphery of Pasadena,
California,
which is where we came.
Okay.
I was born in Indiana.
I lived in Massachusetts.
He was a resident grow up around the hospitals.
Dinner meant going to the hospital,
meet Dad,
you know,
and when we came out to la,
the Japanese were kind of peripheral Spanish speaking people.
Curiously enough,
you know the running story w was that there were six Spanish speaking people at
Ucla and three of them were in gardening.
No,
really?
That went back in the 60s that was the case today.
Easily,
you know,
massive amounts of percentages of [inaudible] Bunuel Tom.
Hey,
okay.
It's not a second language.
It's kind of the first in half now things have really changed a mental and I
grew up in those.
Okay.
So I can gang sign the whole alphabet.
Can you really?
Yeah.
I have two low riders.
I've got a really,
well I got a 51 mercury that's chap drop low and slow.
Do you drive it?
Oh yeah.
I got a 66 v Dub bug with a Chevy engine.
A three 83 up in the front or Denali is he and I couldn't.
Oh my gosh,
you gotta roll your Rs.
Is He horn?
Allie?
What did he drive those things?
No,
we drive them all around,
you know,
it's,
it's southern California of course is different.
A lot of you are listening in with five layers and gone,
hey fuck,
I'm not driving anywhere for the next three days according to the weather map,
you know.
But uh,
here for example,
it's tee shirt,
weather.
So you know,
the great outdoors means,
how's that sound over the headphones?
It sounds like an engine.
Yup.
Yeah.
But I always trip the first time I ever,
we were just a plan with a sword there.
And that's not a summarize story.
That's like calling a nine millimeter a police gun.
Yeah,
it kind of is because they used,
but that's a Catana.
Right.
And we were playing with that a little bit.
First Time somebody handed me those,
we were at the Buddhist temple in Pasadena 19.
You Bet.
I remember 1965 and there was a demonstration of the Japanese culture.
Thank you.
And a fella came out and demonstrated,
I thought,
oh,
and you know,
there's sort of arts and stuff.
And then he,
she said,
I'm going to take somebody from the audience,
and my dad pushed me and I walked out in the middle of that floor and held it
here.
Hold that sort.
It just like you said,
wow.
That's what does that 100 year olds or it's from the 15 hundreds years whammo
mood Hamachi or something like this.
First Time I held that story,
it was like out of a graphic novel,
lightning
and as a ma,
it's Japanese for lightening.
Careful what you show your kids Joe.
Wow.